v6.17.0 (#10813)
mui/mui-x: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
See [Conventional Commits](https://conventionalcommits.org) for commit guidelines.

## 6.17.0

_Oct 26, 2023_

> We'd like to offer a big thanks to the 7 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'd like to offer a big thanks to the 8 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:
```

> - The Tree View package is now stable!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The Tree View package is now stable!
- The line charts support series with different domains
```

Since it's one of the most asked recently

> - The Tree View package is now stable!

Reviewer 3: Should we add a video clip?
![tree-view-example](https://github.com/mui/mui-x/assets/550141/77d1fe66-d912-49ba-b38f-b853fb90446a)

```suggestion
- The Tree View package is now officially in a stable!
![tree-view-example](https://github.com/mui/mui-x/assets/550141/77d1fe66-d912-49ba-b38f-b853fb90446a)
```

> - The Tree View package is now stable!

Reviewer 4: NICE ONE! 🎉

Reviewer: WDYT about also highlighting the bugfixes and the #10708? 🤔

Reviewer 5: See https://github.com/mui/mui-x/pull/10813#discussion_r1373462649

### Data Grid

#### `@mui/x-data-grid@6.17.0`

> - [DataGrid] Allow changing debounce time for row positions calculation (#10708) @cherniavskii

Reviewer: Is it this change that warrants a minor release? 🤔

Reviewer 2: The minor is for the tree going stable

- [DataGrid] Persist stable row index for focused row (#10674) @cherniavskii

#### `@mui/x-data-grid-pro@6.17.0` [![pro](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg-link 'Pro plan')

Same changes as in `@mui/x-data-grid@6.17.0`, plus:

- [DataGridPro] Fix `undefined` values passed to `valueFormatter` for tree leaf nodes (#10748) @cherniavskii

#### `@mui/x-data-grid-premium@6.17.0` [![premium](https://mui.com/r/x-premium-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-premium-svg-link 'Premium plan')

Same changes as in `@mui/x-data-grid-pro@6.17.0`, plus:

- [DataGridPremium] Fix `avg` aggregation to ignore non-numeric values (#10787) @cherniavskii
- [DataGridPremium] Fix `size` aggregation to ignore `undefined` values (#10745) @cherniavskii
- [DataGridPremium] Fix `sum` aggregation to ignore non-numeric values (#10730) @cherniavskii
- [DataGridPremium] Fix cell selection throwing index error on second page and beyond (#10784) @MBilalShafi

### Date Pickers

#### `@mui/x-date-pickers@6.17.0`

> - [fields] POC: Use `contentEditable` on `FakeTextField` (#10779) @flaviendelangle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [fields] POC: Use `contentEditable` on `FakeTextField` (#10779) @flaviendelangle
- [pickers] Fix weekday label localization (#10809) @LukasTy
```

#### `@mui/x-date-pickers-pro@6.17.0` [![pro](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg-link 'Pro plan')

Same changes as in `@mui/x-date-pickers@6.17.0`.

### Charts / `@mui/x-charts@6.0.0-alpha.17`

> - [charts] Support lines with different domain (#10801) @alexfauquette

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [charts] Support lines with different domains (#10801) @alexfauquette
```

### Tree View / `@mui/x-tree-view@6.17.0`

> No change

Reviewer: Nitpick: Releasing a stable version without a single change seems strange. 🙈 😆 🤷

Author: I do agree, but I don't have an idea for a change just to fill this section :laughing:

### Docs

- [docs] Correct editing related props' description (#10798) @MBilalShafi
- [docs] Fix RTL data grid demo (#10728) @oliviertassinari

> - [docs] Fix non-closed warning (#10796) @flaviendelangle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [docs] Fix unclosed warning (#10796) @flaviendelangle
```

> - [docs] Improve recipe with `useLayoutEffect` and `beforeunload` event-listener (#10811) @michelengelen

Reviewer 4: Not entirely sure, but the original title was not exactly telling which recipe changed. We might want to mention the recipes name so it is more discoverable

```suggestion
- [docs] Improve performance of `Save and restore the state from external storage` recipe (#10811) @michelengelen
```

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
See [Conventional Commits](https://conventionalcommits.org) for commit guidelines.

## 6.17.0

> _Oct 26, 2023_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_Oct 27, 2023_
```

😉

> We'd like to offer a big thanks to the 8 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We'd like to offer a big thanks to the 9 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:
```

- The Tree View package is now officially stable!

![tree-view-example](https://github.com/mui/mui-x/assets/550141/77d1fe66-d912-49ba-b38f-b853fb90446a)

> - 🐞 Bugfixes

Reviewer: Nitpick: we usually list highlights in the following order:
1. Any notable specific highlights
2. l10n
3. Bugfixes
4. Documentation improvements

- 📚 Documentation improvements

> - 🚀 Allow custom debounce time for row positions calculation

Reviewer 5: This one is pretty niche, I would highlight aggregation fixes instead:

```suggestion
- 🚀 Improve the handling of non-numeric values by Data Grid aggregation
```

Same changes as in `@mui/x-data-grid@6.17.0`, plus:

- [DataGridPro] Fix `undefined` values passed to `valueFormatter` for tree leaf nodes (#10748) @cherniavskii

#### `@mui/x-data-grid-premium@6.17.0` [![premium](https://mui.com/r/x-premium-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-premium-svg-link 'Premium plan')

Same changes as in `@mui/x-data-grid-pro@6.17.0`, plus:

- [DataGridPremium] Fix `avg` aggregation to ignore non-numeric values (#10787) @cherniavskii
- [DataGridPremium] Fix `size` aggregation to ignore `undefined` values (#10745) @cherniavskii
- [DataGridPremium] Fix `sum` aggregation to ignore non-numeric values (#10730) @cherniavskii
- [DataGridPremium] Fix cell selection throwing index error on second page and beyond (#10784) @MBilalShafi

### Date Pickers

#### `@mui/x-date-pickers@6.17.0`

- [fields] POC: Use `contentEditable` on `FakeTextField` (#10779) @flaviendelangle
- [pickers] Fix weekday label localization (#10809) @LukasTy

#### `@mui/x-date-pickers-pro@6.17.0` [![pro](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg-link 'Pro plan')

Same changes as in `@mui/x-date-pickers@6.17.0`.

### Charts / `@mui/x-charts@6.0.0-alpha.17`

> - [charts] Support lines with different domains (#10801) @alexfauquette

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [charts] Fix text position in Safari (#10815) @lhilgert9
- [charts] Support lines with different domains (#10801) @alexfauquette
```

Reviewer 2: Just merged this PR since it was a quick fix from a use
